# Marijuana Active Consumption Detection Model
### This computer vision model detects the active consumption of marijuana in advertisement materials.
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57726227/218291143-0a21b4b2-2f4c-44af-a3e0-2a388f53e6fb.mp4
##### During my internship with Amensia Media, I was tasked with developing a model to check videos and images for compliance with a multitiude of cannabis marketing regulations across several US states. 
##### Among these regulations was that the active consumption of marijuana (defined as the presence of smoke and the smoking object being near the mouth) could not be depicted.
##### This model was developed using the PyTorch based CV library YOLOv5, and trained and tested on a 1021 image dataset. It being an object detection model, the images were annotated prior to training in Roboflow so the model would be able to detect where the active consumption was taking place within the image or video. Overall, the model is on the "trigger happy" side, and tends to identify many false positives along wth true positives. In the development of the model, we was deemed that this would be okay as we would rather have it find more potential instances that could then be verified in a human review. More details about the internship project as a whole can be found here: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15aL_Ei5wDgtag_dK-yVgf7Qc-dHN_xpVhcRjsOv1ckg/edit?usp=sharing
##### Due to the nature of the NDA, the full project cannot be shared here, thus only a copy of the library used is included in this repo.
